it's good to fired 16 fights not they'll
16 is good but when I'll step up against
them Americans and all these Eastern
Europeans they're tough tough old men
you know and it's not easy to go and
then blast them out you got to learn and
tonight it was part of me going part of
me trying to get bharat me jab use me
jab work well and durham just just give
me boxing on that's why did tonight I
was confident and you know yeah yeah I
mean banks banks a few early i know i
know from around from one to seven ID so
i knew i was comfortable upon the
scorecards I ba 9i try to take a bit of
a braver they would get ready for the
last like 10 11 and 12 because you know
you can't be on it 12 rounds every
second you know you know you want human
but I was fit enough to do 12 rounds
tonight and Durham l 10 or say I attempt
at VMA performance millam send next
fight you're going to see a definitely a
sharper and stronger blue Joe Saunders
he mentioned in the pre-fight I was
really going to try and see his weakness
and in the body and I nose a few times
you went like such a balding 40 runs in
here did he not really hurt you no no no
no no I mean yeah II target the body
will and cutlets arms call the Cutler
body shots but angrily really hurt me I
mean a thing wrong you're not not gonna
for them do you know their it in you but
nothing really just to make you know I
mean night to look yeah make me Liam
sent but I mean a comfortable win and
I'm no British inner still come off
champion and you don't we sign anything
really since what is being told in the
first few rounds event no I think
everyone's getting excited I mean this
is a big big occasion for me to spell I
mean you know I think up a lot a lot of
work into this belt this is the arse of
a trying so perhaps a Monta just in chi
a tad bit disturbed down at them but
still I'm at VMA performance and I moved
on I'm moving on now to bigger and
better things didn't it provide anything
different or you expected or did it go
no no no no no no he was going to come
and I know he was going to press from
realm one so you know I mean it was
pressuring me and and that was his gang
class down the rightist leye had Arthur
chance of winning is gang plan lucky
shot and catch me but you know I'm too
clever for that I mean I thought only
movement was about tonight shots a
little bit body shots didn't get off
properly but I working out in the gym
and a minimum sent on you see all got
have sometimes when you look back on
them you can pick falter if you keep
having if you keep fine catch
cool shots and wobbling them you can't
really pick falls back see ya Paul
performs like you can pick faults out
and come back stronger than you got 12
rounds to kind of analyze every yeah 12
rounds and that's in the tank now that's
on the mileage you you can't bother you
gotta go for yeah yeah they're good good
good little bit swollen but i'm sure in
the morning a big rise right and your
eyes yeah now just a little bit a little
bit posh events for a while in durham
come for a little bit of practice you
know before run it yeah yeah yeah i'm
only on the scene now on a bridge seen
any well see a kind of possible looking
out who would you think might deserve a
chancellor at your British belt now we
can start saying uh you know it was John
Ryder be nice fellow being he's a beer
be a good fight for the 2013 there's
Chris Eubank junior love for him
arrogant man who recently they didn't
say nothing about me but are challenging
met I'll find feelings to follow I'll
fine tomorrow I'll just done to our
round off smashing faces are heightened
item et cetera go man not a very nice
but he dad's the same and calling out
super middleweights I'm a middle island
call me out five maybe that's why they
won yeah absolutely and obviously 2013
can be a big year for you everywhere you
see you you're going in the next 12
months or so what realistic can you see
uh oh sit down yeah y'all sit down speak
to Frank and his team minute and uglier
I'm European Indoor see what we're going
for now